Update faqs/long-descriptions.md (#1006)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/long-descriptions.md

title: How do I write long-form explanations in my descriptions?
---
If you need more than a sentence to explain a model, you can:

> 1. Split your description over multiple lines using `>`. Interior linebreaks are removed, so this is often best for simple, single-paragraph text. Markdown can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Split your description over multiple lines using `>`. Interior line breaks are removed and Markdown can be used. This method is recommended for simple, single-paragraph descriptions:
```

```yml
version: 2

models:
- name: customers
  description: >
    Lorem ipsum **dolor** sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
    tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
    quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
    consequat.
```

> 2. Split your description over multiple lines using `|`. Interior linebreaks are maintained, and Markdown can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Split your description over multiple lines using `|`. Interior line breaks are maintained and Markdown can be used. This method is recommended for more complex descriptions:
```
